### What would you do as a BSSw Fellow? (1000 - 1500 characters)

I propose to develop online resources documenting technical and practice-based solutions
and remediations for technological and psychological barriers hindering researchers from
engaging in open collaboration patterns. These resources would act as a gateway for
for researchers and research software developers, both new and experienced, to adapt to
increasing demand for openness in science. [TODO: Provide tools and education to
community leaders and aspiring community leaders; "Once my thing is 'open' how do I
create my own positive community interactions?"]

I propose to build an open, safe, and supportive community of practice on GitHub which
will benefit from, contribute to, and sustain the online documentation resources
mentioned above. I will leverage contacts from communities I am currently a member of,
including  National Snow and Ice Data Center (NSIDC), NASA Openscapes, NASA EOSDIS,
CryoCloud, Jupyter, and Center for Scientific Collaboration and Community Engagement
(CSCCE), to seed this community with researchers who are transitioning to new ways of
working openly.

These materials will differentiate from other open science training materials and
communities by emphasizing positive experiences enabled by and addressing fears and
concerns about open work modes. [Emphasizing positive exp.: provide a forum space for
sharing them?] [Addressing fears and concerns: In my experience, these fears have often
been overcomable with a small amount of time and care: fear of failing publicly by
sharing examples of positive experiences failing publicly; fear of "scooping",
intellectual theft, or improper citation by configuring citation metadata and automatic
archival and DOI generation with Zenodo; and fear of loss of ownership by establishing
collaborative governance.]
